Covariate shift occurs when the distribution of variables in the training data is different to real-world or testing data. This means that the model may make the wrong predictions once it is deployed, and its accuracy will be significantly lower.Internal Covariate Shift

 Researchers found that due to the variation in the distribution of activations from the output of a given hidden layer, which are used as the input to a subsequent layer, the network layers can suffer from covariate shift which can impede the training of deep neural networks.common approach to correcting covariate shift is impor- tance reweighting: each individual training point is assigned a positive weight intended to diminish the discrepancy between training and test marginals by some criterion [Sugiyama et al., 2012].The situation where the training input points and test input points follow different. distributions while the conditional distribution of output values given input points is unchanged. is called the covariate shiftvariable is a covariate if it is related to the dependent variable. According to this definition, any variable that is measurable and considered to have a statistical relationship with the dependent variable would qualify as a potential covariate.Ioffe & Szegedy's definition is as follows: “Internal Covariate Shift is the change in the distribution of network activations due to the change in network parameters during training.” The deeper your network, the more tangled of a mess internal covariate shift can cause.There's a lot of confusion of terms in moving between statistics and machine learning. These two terms are essentially synonyms. Covariate implies a separate, related, focal variable (e.g., the dependent variable in regression). You can talk about features without a focal variable in mind.Concept shift is closely related to concept drift. This occurs when a model learned from data sampled from one distribution needs to be applied to data drawn from another.Stop Training When Generalization Error Increases

 During training, the model is evaluated on a holdout validation dataset after each epoch. If the performance of the model on the validation dataset starts to degrade (e.g. loss begins to increase or accuracy begins to decrease), then the training process is stopped.Concept drift is defined by the change in relationships between the input and output variables in the problem.the new test data is sufficiently different in key parameters of the prediction model from the training data, then predictive model is no longer valid. The main reasons this can happen are sample selection bias, population drift, or non-stationary environment.How Does Batch Norm work? Batch Norm is just another network layer that gets inserted between a hidden layer and the next hidden layer. Its job is to take the outputs from the first hidden layer and normalize them before passing them on as the input of the next hidden layer. What is data drift? Data drift is one of the top reasons model accuracy degrades over time. For machine learning models, data drift is the change in model input data that leads to model performance degradation. Monitoring data drift helps detect these model performance issues.Concept drift is caused by changing relationships between input and output data. The properties of the target variables may have shifted between the static training data and real-world dynamic data. Machine learning models are usually built from training datasets in local or offline environments.A neural network without an activation function is essentially just a linear regression model. The activation function does the non-linear transformation to the input making it capable to learn and perform more complex tasks.The idea is to reduce time consumption of training for employees, your trainer's, and administrators while maintaining efficacy.
Tips to Reduce Time Consumption of Employee Training.
Outsource Content. ... 
Convert to Microlearning. ... 
Incorporate Video. ... 
Allow Self-Directed Learning. ... 
Offer Mobile Learning. ... 
Leverage Blended Learning.
